sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/2block: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/col: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/dfdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gg: not found
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/gs: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/rcol: not found
sh: 1: ./source/bin/sbdm: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
sh: 1: ./source/bin/ssecp: not found
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
shmget: No space left on device
